CNN is one of most commonly used ML algorithm to work with images.

Its capability to analyse images exceeds that of human.
- to do learning we need multiple zamples, in this case, the samples will be images.
-So, if you think about images that you might see in the real world, you notice that, they have certain structures that are repeated such as edges, corners, textures, shapes, this is characteristic of all virtually all natural images. So this characteristic is something that we want to leverage or exploit in the context of the deep convolutional neural network.
-the overall image is composed of a subset of shifted motifs. Each of the motifs are themselves composed of shifted, what I call sub-motifs, that repeat within the image.
o the way that I would like you to think about the data if we start at the top, each image is composed of a subset of these motifs, these are what I'll call layer three of the model. Each of the motifs at layer three is composed of a subset of shifted versions of the sub-motifs and then each of the sub-motifs is composed of basic, what I'll call atomic elements which are these fundamental shapes. So, the key thing to take away from this slide, is that we believe that data can be represented in a hierarchy. So you also can get a sense of what we mean by deep or multi-layered structure. So what we want to do, is to try to build a model that captures this structure, that captures this representation of images.

---------------------------------------------------------------------
Convolution Filters

How can we build a model that captures this hierarchy?
What we would like to do, is to start at the bottom of our hierarchy, and look for one of those atomic elements.
So, we're going to shift the atomic element to every possible location in the two-dimensional image. We're going to calculate a correlation. A correlation which measures how similar the local region in the images to our atomic element, which we'll call a filter. 
o, when we shift that atomic element to every possible position in two-dimensional space of the image, when the atomic element lines up with a point in the image where that triangle is actually manifested, we get a high correlation or a high match. 
So, what we're looking at on the top is a map, we call it a feature map, and what it is meant to depict is the degree of match or the degree of correlation between the atomic filter at bottom right, with every location in the image.
The process by which you shift that atomic element to every location in the image that process has a name is called convolution.
The convolution is manifested by shifting that filter to every location in the image. 
Now, we have multiple atomic elements, not just one. Remember at the bottom of our hierarchy we had multiple atomic elements.
What we're going to do is shift each of those atomic elements, each of those fundamental filters, one by one to every location in the image through two-dimensional Convolutional Process that I talked about. What we're going to get is a feature map for each atomic element.So, remember a feature map denotes how strongly that atomic element matches the local region in the image. 

So, the next question becomes, how can we identify the sub-motifs.

So, now what we're going to do is, we're going to repeat the process, where we're going to convolve or shift filters to every two-dimensional location in the feature map.
We're trying to find that sub-motif composed of those three fundamental elements. So, it's fundamental atomic elements. What we would expect if that set of three shapes constituting that sub-motif. If that is present in the image, what we would expect is that the respective layers of the feature maps corresponding to the square, the ellipse, and the triangle would be high.
So, by constituting this filtering process at the second layer, we can now search for each of these sub-motifs.
The process of convolving each of the filters from layer 2 with the feature maps from layer 1 is going to yield a new set of feature maps, what we'll call the layer 2 feature maps. These layer 2 feature maps are going to be telling us where each of the sub-motifs are manifested in the image. 


Now, we can repeat this process once again for a leyr 3 of filters where we will put together the submotifs and seek for correlation.

Then finally, we're going to make a classification decision. 
The classification decision will be based upon the features at the top of the model, or at layer three.

So, convolve means that we take each of those atomic elements, we shift it to every location in the image. After we're done with that, we get a map, what we call a feature map, which is a reflection of the degree to which each of the atomic elements is manifested within the image. We do that for each atomic element and we get what we call a stack of features, a stack of feature maps. That gives us the map by which the basic fundamental building blocks are manifested in the image. We then constitute layer two filters. Those layer two filters are looking for combinations of elements from the first layer which are simultaneously excited nearby each other. So, if we have simultaneous first layer atomic elements, which are excited near each other, they constitute a sub-motif.

hose layer two filters are looking for combinations of elements from the first layer which are simultaneously excited nearby each other. So, if we have simultaneous first layer atomic elements, which are excited near each other, they constitute a sub-motif. So, the layer two filters are searching for those sub-motifs.

-------------------------------------------------------------------



